bump kafka-client to 3.8.1 (#188)
logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka: CHANGELOG.md

## 11.5.4

>   - Update kafka client to 3.8.1 and transitive dependencies TODO

Author: ```suggestion
  - Update kafka client to 3.8.1 and transitive dependencies [#188](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-integration-kafka/pull/188)
```
